What are the Eigen values and eigen vectors? How do you know it is an eigen vector of a transformation matrix? Can you give an example?
How do you do dimensionality reduction?
What is a null vector?  What is the zero vector for null space?
Can you connect rank of a Matrix with the nullity of a matrix?
What is the usage of dot product? How do you get Similarity score of two vectors?
What are the the set of solutions for 3*3 matrix?
What is the role of SVD?
What are the applications of eigenvalues in engineering?
What is the role of convolution layer in CNN?
What is the research problem you are working on?
What was the objective of the research?
How to know if a matrix is invertible?
Will A and A transpose have the same rank?
Explain solution in terms of rank of coefficient matrix and augmented matrix?
What is free variable?
What is span?
What is basis?
What is orthogonality?
What is the connection between linear independence and orthogonality?
What does convolution do exactly?
What are the different types of kernels?
What is meant by overfitting?
What is difference between correlation and convolutions?
How to solve a system of equations?
How do we know if the system of equations have a solution?
What is an augmented Matrix?
Explain the solution in terms of the coefficient matrix and the augmented matrix?
What is a free variable?
What is the connection between linear independence and orthogonality?
What is a vector space?
What is the dimension of R4?
What is the role of SVD?
What Is the geometrical significance of SVD?
What are the applications of eigenvalues in engineering?
What is the role of convolution layer in CNN?
What is difference between correlation and convolutions?
What is a transformation matrix?
What is Training Error and and Testing Error and how does it matter?
What is confusion matrix?
Can you explain the concept of eigenvalues and eigenvectors in the context of linear transformations?
What is gradient descent?
What is the bias-variance tradeoff in the context of machine learning models? How does it impact model performance?
What are loss functions in machine learning?
What is feature engineering?
Can you connect rank of a Matrix with the nullity of a matrix?